DOCS-12859 Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central 1.0 (#1732)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: microsoft-dynamics-365-business-central/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/microsoft-dynamics-365-business-central-connector-examples.adoc

                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="List"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationTwo">Get Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationTwo" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationTwoForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item">
                        <label>ID of any Item</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Get"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">

>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationThree">Add Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationThree" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationThreeForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/add" data-ref="id" data-ref-target="#createdId">
>                         <label>Number</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="number" placeholder="My Item Number" maxlength=20 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="numberNote" class="text-muted">At most 20 characters long</small><br>
>                         <label>Display Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="My Item Name" maxlength=100 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Create"><br>
>                     </form>
>                     <div>Created ID: <div id="createdId"></div></div>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFour">Update Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFour" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFourForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/update">
>                         <label>ID of item to update</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <label>New Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="New Item Name" value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Update"><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFive">Delete Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFive" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFiveForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/delete">
>                         <label>ID of item to delete</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Delete">
>                         <small id="deleteNote" class="text-muted">This action is irreversible.</small><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>     </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: The template contains all the operations in it, but always only one will work so we can simplify these templates I think, something like this should work:

```suggestion
<script type="text/javascript">
		$(document).ready( function() {

			var operationOneForm 	= $('#operationOneForm');

			handleSubmit = function(e) {
			  form = $(this);
              $.ajax({
                type: 'GET',							  	// Submit an HTTP POST request
                url: form.data('url'), 			      		// The URL where your endpoint is listening
                data: form.serialize(),	              		// Serialized form URL-encoded input
                success: function(data) {				  	// Success function called if request succeeds
                  alert("Operation Response : " + JSON.stringify(data));
                  if (form.data('ref-target')) {
                  	const fieldName = form.data('ref');
                  	const target = form.data('ref-target');
                  	$(target).html(data[fieldName]);
                  }
                },
                error: function(request, status, error){  // Error function is executed if an exception occurs in the flow
              	  alert(request.responseText);			  // Alert the user of any errors
              	}
              });

              return false;								  // Let jQuery handle the form submission
            };

			operationOneForm.submit(handleSubmit);
		});

</script>
<div class="container">
    <div class="panel-group" id="accordion">

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationOne">List Items</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationOne" class="panel-collapse collapse in">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationOneForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/items">
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="List"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

    </div>
</div>
```

                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="List"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationTwo">Get Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationTwo" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationTwoForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item">
                        <label>ID of any Item</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Get"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">

>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationThree">Add Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationThree" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationThreeForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/add" data-ref="id" data-ref-target="#createdId">
>                         <label>Number</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="number" placeholder="My Item Number" maxlength=20 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="numberNote" class="text-muted">At most 20 characters long</small><br>
>                         <label>Display Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="My Item Name" maxlength=100 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Create"><br>
>                     </form>
>                     <div>Created ID: <div id="createdId"></div></div>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFour">Update Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFour" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFourForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/update">
>                         <label>ID of item to update</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <label>New Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="New Item Name" value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Update"><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFive">Delete Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFive" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFiveForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/delete">
>                         <label>ID of item to delete</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Delete">
>                         <small id="deleteNote" class="text-muted">This action is irreversible.</small><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>     </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: simplified:

```suggestion
<script type="text/javascript">
		$(document).ready( function() {

			var operationTwoForm 	= $('#operationTwoForm');

			handleSubmit = function(e) {
			  form = $(this);
              $.ajax({
                type: 'GET',							  	// Submit an HTTP POST request
                url: form.data('url'), 			      		// The URL where your endpoint is listening
                data: form.serialize(),	              		// Serialized form URL-encoded input
                success: function(data) {				  	// Success function called if request succeeds
                  alert("Operation Response : " + JSON.stringify(data));
                  if (form.data('ref-target')) {
                  	const fieldName = form.data('ref');
                  	const target = form.data('ref-target');
                  	$(target).html(data[fieldName]);
                  }
                },
                error: function(request, status, error){  // Error function is executed if an exception occurs in the flow
              	  alert(request.responseText);			  // Alert the user of any errors
              	}
              });

              return false;								  // Let jQuery handle the form submission
            };

			operationTwoForm.submit(handleSubmit);
		});

</script>
<div class="container">
    <div class="panel-group" id="accordion">

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationTwo">Get Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationTwo" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationTwoForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item">
                        <label>ID of any Item</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Get"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

    </div>
</div>
```

                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="List"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationTwo">Get Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationTwo" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationTwoForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item">
                        <label>ID of any Item</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Get"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">

>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationThree">Add Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationThree" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationThreeForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/add" data-ref="id" data-ref-target="#createdId">
>                         <label>Number</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="number" placeholder="My Item Number" maxlength=20 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="numberNote" class="text-muted">At most 20 characters long</small><br>
>                         <label>Display Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="My Item Name" maxlength=100 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Create"><br>
>                     </form>
>                     <div>Created ID: <div id="createdId"></div></div>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFour">Update Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFour" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFourForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/update">
>                         <label>ID of item to update</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <label>New Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="New Item Name" value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Update"><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFive">Delete Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFive" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFiveForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/delete">
>                         <label>ID of item to delete</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Delete">
>                         <small id="deleteNote" class="text-muted">This action is irreversible.</small><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>     </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: simplified:

```suggestion
<script type="text/javascript">
		$(document).ready( function() {

			var operationThreeForm 	= $('#operationThreeForm');

			handleSubmit = function(e) {
			  form = $(this);
              $.ajax({
                type: 'GET',							  	// Submit an HTTP POST request
                url: form.data('url'), 			      		// The URL where your endpoint is listening
                data: form.serialize(),	              		// Serialized form URL-encoded input
                success: function(data) {				  	// Success function called if request succeeds
                  alert("Operation Response : " + JSON.stringify(data));
                  if (form.data('ref-target')) {
                  	const fieldName = form.data('ref');
                  	const target = form.data('ref-target');
                  	$(target).html(data[fieldName]);
                  }
                },
                error: function(request, status, error){  // Error function is executed if an exception occurs in the flow
              	  alert(request.responseText);			  // Alert the user of any errors
              	}
              });

              return false;								  // Let jQuery handle the form submission
            };

			operationThreeForm.submit(handleSubmit);
		});

</script>
<div class="container">
    <div class="panel-group" id="accordion">

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationThree">Add Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationThree" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationThreeForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/add" data-ref="id" data-ref-target="#createdId">
                        <label>Number</label>
                        <input type="text" name="number" placeholder="My Item Number" maxlength=20 value="" required class="form-control">
                        <small id="numberNote" class="text-muted">At most 20 characters long</small><br>
                        <label>Display Name</label>
                        <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="My Item Name" maxlength=100 value="" required class="form-control">
                        <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Create"><br>
                    </form>
                    <div>Created ID: <div id="createdId"></div></div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

    </div>
</div>
```

                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="List"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationTwo">Get Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationTwo" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationTwoForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item">
                        <label>ID of any Item</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Get"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">

>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationThree">Add Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationThree" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationThreeForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/add" data-ref="id" data-ref-target="#createdId">
>                         <label>Number</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="number" placeholder="My Item Number" maxlength=20 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="numberNote" class="text-muted">At most 20 characters long</small><br>
>                         <label>Display Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="My Item Name" maxlength=100 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Create"><br>
>                     </form>
>                     <div>Created ID: <div id="createdId"></div></div>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFour">Update Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFour" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFourForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/update">
>                         <label>ID of item to update</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <label>New Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="New Item Name" value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Update"><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFive">Delete Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFive" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFiveForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/delete">
>                         <label>ID of item to delete</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Delete">
>                         <small id="deleteNote" class="text-muted">This action is irreversible.</small><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>     </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: simplified:

```suggestion
<script type="text/javascript">
		$(document).ready( function() {

			var operationFourForm 	= $('#operationFourForm');

			handleSubmit = function(e) {
			  form = $(this);
              $.ajax({
                type: 'GET',							  	// Submit an HTTP POST request
                url: form.data('url'), 			      		// The URL where your endpoint is listening
                data: form.serialize(),	              		// Serialized form URL-encoded input
                success: function(data) {				  	// Success function called if request succeeds
                  alert("Operation Response : " + JSON.stringify(data));
                  if (form.data('ref-target')) {
                  	const fieldName = form.data('ref');
                  	const target = form.data('ref-target');
                  	$(target).html(data[fieldName]);
                  }
                },
                error: function(request, status, error){  // Error function is executed if an exception occurs in the flow
              	  alert(request.responseText);			  // Alert the user of any errors
              	}
              });

              return false;								  // Let jQuery handle the form submission
            };

			operationFourForm.submit(handleSubmit);
		});

</script>
<div class="container">
    <div class="panel-group" id="accordion">

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFour">Update Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationFour" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationFourForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/update">
                        <label>ID of item to update</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <label>New Name</label>
                        <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="New Item Name" value="" required class="form-control">
                        <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Update"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

    </div>
</div>
```

                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="List"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationTwo">Get Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationTwo" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationTwoForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item">
                        <label>ID of any Item</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Get"><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">

>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationThree">Add Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationThree" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationThreeForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/add" data-ref="id" data-ref-target="#createdId">
>                         <label>Number</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="number" placeholder="My Item Number" maxlength=20 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="numberNote" class="text-muted">At most 20 characters long</small><br>
>                         <label>Display Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="My Item Name" maxlength=100 value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Create"><br>
>                     </form>
>                     <div>Created ID: <div id="createdId"></div></div>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFour">Update Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFour" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFourForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/update">
>                         <label>ID of item to update</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <label>New Name</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="New Item Name" value="" required class="form-control">
>                         <small id="displayNameNote" class="text-muted">At most 100 characters long</small><br><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Update"><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>         <div class="panel panel-default">
>             <div class="panel-heading">
>                 <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
>                     <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFive">Delete Item</a>
>                 </h2>
>             </div>
>             <div id="operationFive" class="panel-collapse collapse">
>                 <div class="panel-body">
>                     <form id="operationFiveForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/delete">
>                         <label>ID of item to delete</label>
>                         <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
>                         <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Delete">
>                         <small id="deleteNote" class="text-muted">This action is irreversible.</small><br>
>                     </form>
>                 </div>
>             </div>
>         </div>
> 
>     </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: simplified:

```suggestion
<script type="text/javascript">
		$(document).ready( function() {

			var operationFiveForm 	= $('#operationFiveForm');

			handleSubmit = function(e) {
			  form = $(this);
              $.ajax({
                type: 'GET',							  	// Submit an HTTP POST request
                url: form.data('url'), 			      		// The URL where your endpoint is listening
                data: form.serialize(),	              		// Serialized form URL-encoded input
                success: function(data) {				  	// Success function called if request succeeds
                  alert("Operation Response : " + JSON.stringify(data));
                  if (form.data('ref-target')) {
                  	const fieldName = form.data('ref');
                  	const target = form.data('ref-target');
                  	$(target).html(data[fieldName]);
                  }
                },
                error: function(request, status, error){  // Error function is executed if an exception occurs in the flow
              	  alert(request.responseText);			  // Alert the user of any errors
              	}
              });

              return false;								  // Let jQuery handle the form submission
            };

			operationFiveForm.submit(handleSubmit);
		});

</script>
<div class="container">
    <div class="panel-group" id="accordion">

        <div class="panel panel-default">
            <div class="panel-heading">
                <h2 class="panel-title demo-heading">
                    <a data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#operationFive">Delete Item</a>
                </h2>
            </div>
            <div id="operationFive" class="panel-collapse collapse">
                <div class="panel-body">
                    <form id="operationFiveForm" class="demo-form" role="form" data-url="/item/delete">
                        <label>ID of item to delete</label>
                        <input type="text" name="id" placeholder="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" value="" required class="form-control"><br>
                        <input class="btn btn-lg btn-primary btn-block" type="submit" value="Delete">
                        <small id="deleteNote" class="text-muted">This action is irreversible.</small><br>
                    </form>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

    </div>
</div>
```

* Registered OAuth protected application in the Azure Active Directory application registry

== Configure a Business Central Connection

Specify the Business Central connection field values to secure connections. To do this:

* <<create-config-file, Create a configuration file for a Business Central connection.>>
* <<configure-business-central-global, Configure the Business Central connection global elements.>>
* <<configure-global, Configure a global element for the properties file.>>

[[create-config-file]]
=== Create a Configuration File for a Business Central Connection

Create a configuration file that includes properties for a Business Central connection:

. Create a file named `mule-app.properties` in the `/src/main/resources/` folder.
. In the `mule-app.properties` file, create a set of properties for either `Basic Auth` or `OAuth2`,
similar to the ones that follow, replacing the bracketed text (including the brackets)
with the correct values for your configuration:
+
----
# Config
config.tenantId=
config.environment=Production

# OAuth2 Configuration
oauth.client.id=
oauth.client.secret=
oauth.callbackPath=callback

# Api
api.companyId=
----
+

> Optionally, if you are using a custom instance, you can set your baseUri and OAuth paths in `src/main/resources/advanced.properties`.

Reviewer: This section works fine for the Demo/ because the `advanced.properties` file is included in the repository. But, **correct me if I'm wrong**, when this is published on docs.mulesoft, the readers wont have access to the `advanced.properties` file right? In that case we should include na example of it's contents as well, or maybe even simpler, we could just merge them together like this:

```suggestion
----
# Config
config.tenantId=
config.environment=Production

# OAuth2 Configuration
oauth.client.id=
oauth.client.secret=
oauth.callbackPath=callback

# Api
api.companyId=

# Static Configuration
config.baseUri=https://api.businesscentral.dynamics.com/v2.0/${config.tenantId}/${config.environment}/api/v2.0/
oauth.authUrl=https://login.microsoftonline.com/${config.tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/authorize
oauth.tokenUrl=https://login.microsoftonline.com/${config.tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/token
oauth.externalCallbackPath=http://localhost:${http.port}/${oauth.callbackPath}
----
+
```

then we can remove the optional step completely.

      xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http/current/mule-http.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/dynamics365-bc http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/dynamics365-bc/current/mule-dynamics365-bc.xsd">
    <configuration-properties file="mule-app.properties"/>
    <configuration-properties file="advanced.properties"/>

    <http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_config" doc:name="HTTP Listener config" basePath="/">
        <http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8081" />
    </http:listener-config>

    <dynamics365-bc:config name="Business_Central_BasicAuth" doc:name="Microsoft Dynamics 365 - Business Central Config" >
        <dynamics365-bc:basic-connection baseUri="${config.baseUri}" username="${auth.username}" password="${auth.password}" />
    </dynamics365-bc:config>

    <flow name="Home" >
        <http:listener doc:name="/" config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config" path="/" />

>         <parse-template doc:name="Parse Template" location="dynamics365-bc-demo-template.html" />

Reviewer: the file `dynamics365-bc-demo-template.html` is similar story to `advanced.properties`. I'm not sure about this, but I think this file wont be accessible anywhere from the docs unless we either include it for download somehow or paste it's contents directly into the docs 🤔 in that case we could add a section directing the reader to create the file and copy it's contents from the docs above the `=== XML for This Example` section. Maybe something like `=== Prepare the HTML template` section, explaining that using the html will allow the user to test the application using a graphical interface...

another alternative might be removing the "Home" flow from every example and just directing the user to use something like `cUrl` or `Postman` to hit the endpoints. 🤔 That's a bit less "fancy" though.
